##Civil Wars
#ACW Starts
headlines_acw_begin_csa = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
headlines_acw_begin_fsa = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#ACW Ends
headlines_acw_end_slaver = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
headlines_acw_end_emancipation = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
headlines_acw_end_stalemate = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Heavenly Kingdom Appears
headlines_taiping_appears = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Heavenly Kingdom Wins
headlines_taiping_victory = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Heavenly Kingdom Defeated
headlines_taiping_defeat = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
##Collapses
#Qing Collapse
headlines_qing_collapse = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#British India dissolves
headlines_bic_collapse = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#DEI Dissolved
headlines_dei_collapse = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#Central America Dissolved
headlines_uca_collapse = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_minor_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

##Formations
#NGF Formed
headlines_ngf_formed = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#SGF Formed
headlines_sgf_formed = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#GER Formed
headlines_ger_formed = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#Italy Formed
headlines_italy_formed = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#Central Europe Formed
headlines_central_europe_formed = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#Scandinavia Formed
headlines_scandinavia_formed = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#Yugoslavia Formed
headlines_yugoslavia_formed = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

##Regime Changes
#BEI into Raj
headlines_british_raj = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_minor_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Meiji Restoration
headlines_japan_restoration = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#British Republic
headlines_british_republic = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#British Council Republic
headlines_british_council_republic = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Coronation of Victoria
headlines_victoria_coronation = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_minor_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Funeral of Victoria
headlines_victoria_funeral = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_minor_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#French Commune
headlines_french_commune = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#French Legitimists Restored
headlines_french_legitimist = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#French Monarchy Restored (post-republic)
headlines_french_monarchy_returns = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#French Republic Restored
headlines_french_republic = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#French Empire Restored
headlines_french_empire = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Communist Germany
headlines_communist_germany = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Communist US
headlines_communist_usa = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Monarchy US
headlines_monarchy_usa = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Technocracy US
headlines_technocracy_usa = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Tricolors over Rome
headlines_roman_republic = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Austria-Hungary Dual Monarchy
headlines_austria_hungary = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Democratic Russia
headlines_democratic_russia = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Soviet Russia
headlines_soviet_russia = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Brazil President Pedro
headlines_pedro_president = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Brazil Pedro Dies
headlines_pedro_death = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
##Constructions
#Suez Canal Built
headlines_suez_canal = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_constructions_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Panama Canal Built
headlines_panama_canal = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_constructions_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Cristo Redentor
headlines_cristo_redentor = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_constructions_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#Statue of Liberty
headlines_statue_of_liberty = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_constructions_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#Big Ben
headlines_big_ben = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_constructions_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#Mosque of Djenne
headlines_mosque_of_djenne = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_constructions_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#Eiffel Tower
headlines_eiffel_tower = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_constructions_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

#First Skyscraper
headlines_first_skyscraper = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_constructions_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

##Other Events
#First Billion GDP
headlines_billion_gdp = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Tanzimat Failure
headlines_tanzimat_fail = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#French Conquest of Algeria
headlines_french_algeria = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_minor_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#South Pole Reached
headlines_south_pole = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_minor_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}

##Dynamic
#Great Power vs Great Power
headlines_gp_war = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Major Power Bankrupt
headlines_notable_bankrupt = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#First State Atheism
headlines_state_atheism = {
	type = country
	texture = "gfx/interface/icons/notification_icons/news.dds"
	group = "headlines_major_group"
	notification_type = feed
	days = 28
	color = neutral
}
#Grand Exhibition